docs(launch):  Add readmes to launch (#4596)
wandb/wandb: wandb/sdk/launch/agent/README.md

> An agent is broadly defined as a *"program that collects information or performs a task in the background at a particular schedule. The term agent is often thought of as a software abstraction that is capable of acting with a certain degree of autonomy to perform a particular task on behalf of its host"* ([Source](https://www.techopedia.com/definition/1292/agent#:~:text=Techopedia%20Explains%20Agent-,What%20Does%20Agent%20Mean%3F,on%20behalf%20of%20its%20host.))

Reviewer: do we need this predicate stuff? Kinda fun but are techies really going to spend the time reading? Might be annoying idk

Author: Under this umbrella definition the launch agent, sweeps agent & an RL agent, all work 😃

> Within the Launch project, an agent polls a run queue and launches & executes runs for wandb launch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within Launch, an agent continually polls a queue of jobs, executing runs on the specified resource that then seamlessly report back to wandb
```
